[clang] Introduce diagnostics suppression mappings (#112517)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/UsersManual.rst

Note that when combined with :option:`-w` (which disables all warnings),
disabling all warnings wins.

.. _warning_suppression_mappings:

Controlling Diagnostics via Suppression Mappings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Warning suppression mappings enables users to suppress clang's diagnostics in a
per-file granular manner. Enabling enforcement of diagnostics in specific parts
of the project, even if there are violations in dependencies or other parts of
the codebase.

.. code-block:: console

  $ cat mappings.txt
  [unused]
  src:foo/*

>   $ clang --warning-suppression-mappings=mapping.txt -Wunused foo/bar.cc

Reviewer: Ah, okay, I think there's a small tweak to the example and I'll be happy. I'll suggest it below.

Note that when combined with :option:`-w` (which disables all warnings),
disabling all warnings wins.

.. _warning_suppression_mappings:

Controlling Diagnostics via Suppression Mappings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Warning suppression mappings enable users to suppress Clang's diagnostics in a
per-file granular manner. Enabling enforcement of diagnostics in specific parts
of the project, even if there are violations in some headers.

.. code-block:: console

  $ cat mappings.txt
  [unused]
  src:foo/*

  $ clang --warning-suppression-mappings=mapping.txt -Wunused foo/bar.cc
  # This compilation won't emit any unused findings for sources under foo/
  # directory. But it'll still complain for all the other sources, e.g:

>   $ cat foo/bar.cc
>   #include "dir/include.h" // clang flags unused declarations here.
>   #include "foo/include.h" // but unused warnings under this source is omitted.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ cat foo/bar.cc
  #include "dir/include.h" // Clang flags unused declarations here
  #include "foo/include.h" // but unused warnings from this header are omitted
  #include "next_to_bar_cc.h" // as are unused warnings from this header file.
  // Further, unused warnings in the remainder of bar.cc are also omitted.

```

Note that when combined with :option:`-w` (which disables all warnings),
disabling all warnings wins.

.. _warning_suppression_mappings:

Controlling Diagnostics via Suppression Mappings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Warning suppression mappings enable users to suppress Clang's diagnostics in a

> per-file granular manner. Enabling enforcement of diagnostics in specific parts

Reviewer: Add comma: per-file, granular manner
Reword: Enabling enforcement of -> This allows enforcing

> of the project, even if there are violations in some headers.

Reviewer: Remove comma: project even if there
Reword: some headers -> some headers which cannot be modified.

Author: > Reword: some headers -> some headers which cannot be modified.

But this covers headers even inside the project (i.e. the incremental cleanup of a new warning). So I feel like `which cannot be modified.` adds a non-existing limitation.

Reviewer: That's true, but I think we want to guide users towards fixing diagnostics rather than suppressing them. Users will use any suppression mechanisms we provide regardless of how we document it, so I don't think it's harmful to imply this is more about cases where you can't modify the code. But I also don't feel strongly. WDYT?
